Update partition logic, add source relation (#78)
fivetran/dbt_shopify_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_shopify_source v0.10.1
[PR #78](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_shopify_source/pull/78) introduces the following changes: 

## 🐛 Bug Fixes 🪛 

> - Added `source_relation` to the `partition_by` clauses that determine the `is_most_recent_record` in the `stg_shopify__metafield` and `stg_shopify__abandoned_checkout_discount_code` tables.

Author: Updated.

# dbt_shopify_source v0.11.0
[PR #78](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_shopify_source/pull/78) introduces the following changes: 

## 🚨 Breaking Changes 🚨

> - Added `source_relation` to the `partition_by` clauses that determine the `is_most_recent_record` in the `stg_shopify__metafield` and `stg_shopify__abandoned_checkout_discount_code` tables. If the user is leveraging the union feature, this could change data values.

Reviewer: I'm seeing the col is called `index` in the abandoned_checkout table.
```suggestion
- Added `source_relation` to the `partition_by` clauses that determine the `is_most_recent_record` in the `stg_shopify__metafield` table and `index` in the `stg_shopify__abandoned_checkout_discount_code` table. If the user is leveraging the union feature, this could change data values.
```

Author: @fivetran-catfritz Updated!

> - Added `source_relation` to the `partition_by` clauses that determine the `is_most_recent_record` in the `stg_shopify__metafield` and `stg_shopify__abandoned_checkout_discount_code` tables. If the user is leveraging the union feature, this could change data values, so would recommend a `dbt run --full-refresh` in this case. 

Reviewer 2: A full refresh is really only needed if there is an incremental model. Since this is not an incremental model we should remove that blurb. 
```suggestion
- Added `source_relation` to the `partition_by` clauses that determine the `is_most_recent_record` in the `stg_shopify__metafield` and `stg_shopify__abandoned_checkout_discount_code` tables. If the user is leveraging the union feature, this could change data values.
```

Author: Done!
